Hmph!
(Scared gasps)
I kinda get the feeling that
people are avoiding us.
If you ask me,
it's kinda rude, bro.
I know, right? Where the
hell is their Christmas spirit?!
(Laughs)
[YELLOW HOODIE]
S'posta be some big meathead
from Shuei that works
around here.
Yeah. That's right!
I heard from my homeboy that
he was like a freakin' bear!
Like six and a half feet
tall or somethin'!
[RED JACKET]
I heard he almost killed some
dude right in front of a cop!
[LEAD THUG]
Pfft. Oh, shut up!
You fools talkin' crazy.
That's nothing more than
a bunch of crap blown
way out of proportion.
He's just an urban legend!
Yeah. You know it! Yeah!
That guy ain't
no 6-6.
(High-pitched scream)
I bet he's more like
a teddy bear, yo.
(Loud thuds)
[ALL]
Hm? Huh?
It's the urban legend!
Dear God, he's over
seven feet tall!
Jesus, I looked into his eyes!
He's gonna strangle us and drag
us back to his cave!
I'm sorry if I
made you wait.
No, I just got here myself!
[THUGS]
The urban-bear-legend
has a girlfriend?!
♪Opening song♪
My name's Takeo Goda.
I'm in high school.
It's wintertime, but for me,
it still feels like spring.
[RINKO]
Christmas is just
around the corner.
Yeah.
Christmas with
Ms. Yamato.
You know, Takeo.
Huh?
I was thinking about
Christmas...
Why don't we get all of your
friends and my friends
together to celebrate?
[RINKO]
I don't think anyone
has any plans yet.
Spending Christmas
with everyone...
I like it! That
sounds like fun!
Great idea!
I say we do it!
Yay!
Look at that.
(Rinko giggles)
And I thought
I was already happy.
[KURIHARA]
What?! We're having a
Christmas party with babes?
I am now a man!
I'm gonna talk to a girl!
This year, I won't have to
walk the streets alone in tears!
[KURIHARA]
Triumphant throw
for Rinko Yamato!
AGGH!
Ms. Yamato, they're
ecstatic. Thank you.
[BOYS, CHEERING]
Ya-ma-to! She's so cool!
[TAKEO]
Suna, you should come, too.
(Boys cheering)
Saw that coming.
[KURIHARA]
Uh, Takeo.
Hm?
[TAKEO]
What's up?
Um, well, uh...
Do you think...
Do you think that maybe
Nanako's going to be at
this Christmas thing?
Nanako? I'm sure she is.
I... I was kinda thinking
maybe I might ask her out.
He likes her!
You, uh, think I should?
Sure! I don't see why not!
And I'll ask Ms. Yamato
to feel things out for ya.
Yeah, if ya could.
Thanks, man.
Well, well.
Look who's smitten.
(Chuckle)
I hope you find happiness.
Best of luck to you.
[RINKO]
Takeo and his friends
said they're up
for the Christmas party!
Thanks, Rinko!
This is going to be so much fun!
We should do a gift
exchange or something.
We'll need to set
a price limit.
I wanna do karaoke!
[KOJIMA]
Yes, yes, and yes!
Uh, Rinko...
Huh?
[NANAKO]
Do you think Kurihara
will be coming, too?
Kurihara? I'm not sure.
Lemme ask him and see.
No! God! Don't do that!
Hm? Are you sure?
Rinko...
The last few times
I've been with Kurihara...
He's like, tried
to hold my hand.
Ah. Oh? Well I guess
that he likes you, then.
That's what it
looks like to me!
(Sigh)
What?
And that's not all...
He asked me for my
number, and well...
He called me and... we
sorta went to see a movie.
(Gasp)
And during the movie,
h-he did hold my hand.
I mean we... WE held hands.
Ah! He does! Kurihara
really likes you, Nanako!
Yeah, well I'm
not so sure.
He hasn't really
said it or anything.
Come on...
if he wasn't at least
interested,
he wouldn't have
invited you to the movies
in the first place.
Okay, so how do you feel
about Kurihara?
Uhh...
Well... I guess
if he asked me,
I wouldn't say no. Mm!
Is there anything I
can do to help out?
Uh, no. Please don't.
I know! I'll ask Takeo?
No! Jesus. Just forget
I said anything!
[WHITE HAT MAN]
I don't know what I
should get for her.
Man, I gotta put in a lot
more hours to afford that.
[RINKO]
Hey, Takeo!
Huh?
Sorry, I was waiting over
there and didn't see you.
I love her.
[BOW TIE]
So, a reservation for twelve on
December 24th at 4 PM?
Yes!
Okay. Just wait
one moment.
Whoa, Ms. Yamato!
Look how huge this
Christmas tree is!
Wow... That is gorgeous!
Oh you can see that tree from
every one of our party rooms.
And it's even better at night.
Plus, there's something
special about this tree.
Way up near the tippy-top,
there's a star that's a little
different from the rest.
Yeah. I see it!
What?! You can see
it from down here?
[BOW TIE]
If you climb up that tree
and retrieve that star
and confess your love,
it will all come true!
[BOW TIE]
Of course, right now,
it's so nippy outside
that the climb itself would
freeze your hands off.
Besides, the star is up so high,
most people won't even try.
No one's gotten it this year.
But you never know.
You could be the one.
Well, I don't really
need that anymore.
(Light gasp)
[BOW TIE]
Anyhoo, your
reservation is made.
Now you just need
to choose a room.
I sure hope that star
helps someone out there
find their true love.
Um, hello?
[RINKO]
Ooh! I cannot wait
for Christmas!
The girls and I have been
talking about how we should
exchange gifts and stuff.
Sounds good!
Say, Takeo, any
chance Kurihara's
coming to the party?
Yeah! Uh, is Nanako
gonna be there?
Yes, she is.
[BOTH]
Mm-hmm! Mm-hmm!
Um... you wouldn't hold
hands with someone
unless you liked
them, right?
Uh-huh!
Oh, right, I need to ask
Ms. Yamato about Kurihara.
I'm counting on ya, dude!
Um... Kurihara said
he's thinking about
asking Nanako out.
(Gasp)
He's going to do it
at the Christmas party.
You think that'd
be a good idea?
Yeah, that'd be great!
We can set it up so they have
lots of time alone together!
Yes, that's perfect!
We'll do whatever it
takes to make it work out!
[BOTH]
Right!
Good luck, Kurihara!
It's going to be
a Merry Christmas.
Mm... Hm...
(Crowd chatter)
Hey, ladies!
How's it goin', guys?
(Uneasy sigh)
Ooh! Well Nanako you must be
chilly in a skirt that short!
(Chirping)
Know what I'm sayin'?
[AYU]
Wow, I love it! This is great!
[YUKO]
It's a big room!
Swanky!
Oh! Take a look
outside the window.
[MOMOTA]
Oh, dude! That tree
is freakin' huge!
(All gawking)
(Gleeful squeal)
And way up
towards the top,
there's one star doesn't
look like any of the others.
[RINKO]
They say, if you climb
up there and get it,
and confess your love
to someone, it'll come true!
Oh, hell no!
That is impossible!
I mean look how
high that thing is?
Hahaha! Am I right?
Takeo's probably
the only person
(Confused chirping)
who could do
something like that.
(Group chatter)
[AYU]
Hey there, Nanako,
can I sit next to you?
Ayu! Come over here
and sit with me!
'Kay...
(Rinko giggles)
(Scoot-scoot-scoot)
Uh? Well, an open seat
next to Nanako! Lucky me!
(Angry guitar squeal)
Mph...
[KURIHARA]
Merry Christmas, everyone!
[GROUP]
Merry Christmas!
♪Upbeat music♪
Nanako, you hungry? You want
me to get you anything?
No, I'm fine.
Oh, lemme pour that!
Uh... Thank you...
[TAKEO]
He's so attentive.
I should be more like that.
(Rinko grunts)
Huh?
Uhh... Are you alright,
Ms. Yamato?
I guess you don't
like that, huh?
I... I don't
really do spicy food.
That was a lot hotter
than I thought!
[TAKEO]
Then, I'll eat the rest
so you don't have to look at it.
(Giggle)
AH! That was almost
like a kiss!
Sorry.
It's okay.
(Both giggling)
Huh...
[KURIHARA]
Those two sure
are good together,
aren't they?
So, Nanako...
you ever been interested
in having a boyfriend?
Huh?! Well, sure...
I suppose.
I bet you have
pretty high standards.
Mph!
Not really.
Oh yeah? So then,
just any guy?
Just someone normal.
What's with you?
[TAKEO] Seriously...
What the heck are you doing?
Aren't you going to confess
your love for her?
Hey! Why don't we go out
into the courtyard and
check out that tree?!
Oh! I totally saw
what you did there.
Well played, Ms. Yamato.
Well played.
(Group gawking)
This is way bigger than
the one at our house!
You guys have a
tree at your place?
Yeah. It goes all the
way up to the ceiling.
That's awesome! I'm coming
to your house for Christmas!
[FUDO]
Yeah. Count me in!
[KAKITANI]
Are you kiddin'? No way.
[AYU] Ha! Well I'm coming too.
[YUKO] Yeah, me too!
Well, okay. Maybe the girls.
[GUYS]
Hey!
(Girls laugh)
(Sigh)
[MANA]
Hey, guys, let's take a picture.
[KOJIMA]
Yeah, over there!
(Shocked gasp)
[MANA]
Say, "Merry Christmas!"
[GROUP]
Merry Christmas!
(Shutter sound)
[MOMOTA]
Okay, so the big tree is pretty
and all, but I'm freezing!
(Nonoka gasps)
Let's go back inside!
[KOJIMA]
I think it's time
for the gift exchange!
[KURIHARA]
Ooh! I like your thinking!
(Chatter)
What's up, Nanako?
Better get inside before
you freeze to death.
Kurihara...
What exactly am I to you?
Huh?
To me...?
Hey! Get in here
and shut the door!
Uh, you're like a friend
or somethin', right?
(Gasp)
Come on, l-let's go!
I can't feel
my feet anymore.
(Momota sneezes)
[RINKO]
I've put all the
presents in this bag
and attached ribbons to them.
You just pull on a ribbon,
and you get that present!
That way you won't have any idea
which one you'll wind up with!
[GROUP]
Okay!
Let's figure out
the picking order.
We can do paper, rock, scissors.
[GROUP]
Rock, paper, scissors!
[KAKITANI]
Are you sure?
Guess I'm first.
'Kay, Suna, pick whatever
ribbon you want.
Right.
That's from me!
Uh, thanks.
'Kay, who's next?!
Lemme see here. This one.
AH!
Huh?
(Nervous chuckle)
Maybe I'll go
with this one then.
Mm-hmm! Mm-hmm!
I'm next!
You want this one.
Huh? Uh, okay...
Ah!
Huh? This yours, Nanako?
Sweet! Oh man,
this is like fate!
So, can I open it or what?
(Sigh)
Yes! Haha!
(All laughing)
He looks like
Saint Francis!
Okay, Nanako, it's your turn!
Uh. Alright...
This one, I guess.
That one's from me!
I can't believe it went to you!
What are the odds?!
Uhh...
(Affirmative grunts)
All right! It time
to do some singin'!
(Group cheers)
I don't know how to
sing or anything, so I'll
just play the tambourine.
And I will be
playing the maracas.
We'll just be the
cheering section!
(Music starts)
[KAKITANI]
Oh, Kurihara's up.
It's your song!
It's a duet!
I need some lady help!
(Nanako sighs)
(Girls laugh)
[KOJIMA] What?
Nanako, you like this
song, don't you?
[MANA]
Get up there, girl!
I wanna hear you belt it out!
[GROUP]
Yeah! Come on! Do it!
(Nervous laugh)
Here's your microphone.
Let's blow 'em away!
[KURIHARA, SINGING]
I wish love was just like candy!
I wish it was so sweet!
(Nanako stammers)
A delicious recipe!
(Sigh)
Come on, Nanako!
[BOTH]
I wish love was like a dance!
And moved like the merengue!
And it played just
for you and me!
Alright, you two,
gimme a smile!
I wish love was li-
Smile, Nanako!
Show off those pearly whites!
[MOMOTA]
What are you doing, dude?
Quit acting weird and
sing the song...
[KURIHARA]
What? Whatever, man.
Alright! Here we go!
(Humming and giggling)
[KURIHARA]
And 3, 2...
[KURIHARA, SINGING]
I can't catch up!
I can't catch you-
(Gasps)
(Awkward groans)
(Music continues)
[RINKO]
I'll, uh... I'll
go check on her.
Uhh...
[TAKEO]
Hey... Shouldn't you
maybe go after her, too?
Ahh!
Yeah... I'll be back.
[TAKEO]
Good.
(Door closes)
(Group sighs)
[RINKO]
Nanako!
What's the matter?
(Annoyed sigh)
Ooh! Well now...
Are you two ladies lost?
Looks like it. You're
not all alone are you?
[PURPLE JACKET]
You shouldn't be by
yourself on Christmas.
[WHITE HAIR] That's so sad!
[WHITE JACKET] There's some
couch space left in our room!
Huh?
[PURPLE JACKET] Yeah.
I'd love to see you
perform for us.
(Thugs laugh)
(Gasp)
Ah?!
Hmm. Don't I know
you from somewhere?
You look kinda familiar...
Maybe we hooked up
awhile back. Mm?
Aww, don't tell me
you don't remember me?
[KURIHARA]
Over here! C'mon! Hurry!
(Intense growl)
Holy Crap! It's the urban
bear legend's girlfriend!
(All scream)
Takeo!
What happened?
Are you girls alright?
Whoo, that was scary!
Are you okay, Nanako?
Why didn't you help me yourself?
You just ran off!
You could have at least tried!
Nanako!
Ahh...
[RINKO]
Wait, Nanako!
I never should
have told you!
[NANAKO]
Could you please stop trying to
get me and Kurihara together.
Not everyone can be like
you and Goda, okay?!
Being all like,
"I love you more."
"No, I love you more!"
Things don't work out
like that for anybody else!
That's a fantasy world!
I'm sorry, I...
(Gasp)
(Crying)
(Sigh)
Huh?
[RINKO]
Takeo...
I think I made a mistake.
All I wanted to do was
help Nanako be happy.
Instead, I should have put
more thought into what would
be the best thing for her.
Yeah, maybe we took things
a little bit too far.
My feelings are mine
and mine alone.
And everyone else has
their own feelings.
It's not something you
can just force on anyone.
I really need to
be more careful.
Guess we should probably
learn how to sit back
and just let things
happen on their own.
You're right. When
you think about it,
that's exactly what Suna did
for the two of us, didn't he?
We'll be like Suna.
Yeah, we'll be like Suna.
[TAKEO]
Sometimes the best thing
to do is nothing at all.
It takes a certain kind
of patience and kindness
to just watch.
Suna.
Where'd she go?
Um...
[SUNA]
Well, for now,
let's just head back.
(Sigh)
I just freaked out...
I mean, there was no way
I would win in a fight
against those guys
all by myself.
I would've gotten pummelled,
and the girls would've still
been in the same trouble.
Seriously. Nothing good
could've come from that.
[TAKEO]
Sometimes the best
thing to do...
(Kurihara continues)
is to do nothing at all.
I'm much better off trying
to deal with guys like that,
like Sunakawa would,
and talk my way out of it.
Or, maybe not. I don't know.
(Struggling)
It takes patience and
kindness
(Kurihara continues)
to just watch...
and not say a word.
She just wanted you
to stand up for her!
Now quit talking nonsense!
Do you actually believe
that crap you're saying?!
Do ya?! Listen!
There's nothing I can do
to get you out of this!
You have gotta strap them on!
Uh!
Now, be a man
and go after her!
(Cell phone rings)
Ah. Huh?
Rinko, I'm sorry about earlier-
[RINKO]
No, I'm the one who's sorry!
But, there's something
you should know...
Kurihara, he's...
(Kurihara screams)
Go!
Thanks, man!
(Crowd reacting)
What in God's name
is he doing?!
Well, Kurihara said
that he's going to get
the star off the tree for you!
Huh?!
(Nervous whimpers)
[MOMOTA]
Get down, you idiot!
[FUDO]
You're gonna break your neck!
[MOMOTA]
Seriously! Cut it out!
[KAKITANI]
You're frickin' crazy! Hey!
C'mon, dude!
That is high enough, okay?
Come down!
It's not worth it!
[FUDO]
You've already fallen
off like fifty times!
ARRGH! I'm gonna
get that star!
And I am going to tell
Nanako that I love her!
(Gasp)
[KURIHARA]
When Yamato told us
about the star earlier,
I could see it
in Nanako's eyes!
I could see that she wanted it.
ARRGH! I tried to
pretend it was nothing.
But, that's just because I was
afraid.
Yeah! I may not be
as strong as Takeo,
but I am going to
show the girl I love...
just how much she means to me!
(Gasp) Kurihara!
Hmm... Hm!
Nanako! I got
the star! Woohoo!
(All screaming)
(Groan)
Mm!
Nanako, I may not be the
strongest guy in the world.
Or the bravest.
Or the most handsome.
But I think I
love you, Nanako.
Will you please
go out with me?!
(Amazed gasp)
And I may not be very
honest about my feelings,
and I don't bake any
cakes or anything,
and I'm generally a pretty
difficult person to deal with.
I love that you're a pain!
And I love that you're
an incompetent coward!
[ALL]
Awww...
(Crowd reacts)
[FUDO]
Congratulations, guys!
[KOJIMA]
Aww, that's so sweet!
[MOMOTA]
All right, time for
a celebratory throw!
[TAKEO]
This... is nice.
[NANAKO]
Wait. What? Me too?
[GROUP]
Ready! And...
Hup! Hup! Whooo!
[RINKO] Oh my gosh!
I'm so relieved!
[TAKEO]
Yeah.
Oh! Almost forgot.
Here you go, Takeo. I made
you a little something extra.
It's a frosted fruit cake.
Oh, wow! Thank you!
Merry Christmas... Takeo.
I love her.
Merry Christmas!
More than anything.
(Group cheering)
[KURIHARA]
Yeah...
The first thing I noticed
about her was her smokin'
hot legs, of course.
In fact, I totally blurted
it out that day we all
went ice skating...
It really pissed her off!
And when she looked at me like
I was the scum of the Earth...
that's when I fell in love.
[TAKEO]
Okay...
So on the train
ride back home,
I didn't want to screw
anything up, so I just rode
the whole way with
my hands in the air.
She sat there laughing at me the
entire time!
(Cell phone rings)
It was awesome...
Oh! Speak of the
devil, it's Nanako.
Hey, baby! I was just about
to call you, you sweet thing.
So, you thinking
about me or what?
Tee-hee, oh I dunno, maybe just
a little bit, like you know...
(Giggling)
We've lost her.
Guess this is her now.
It's so unsettling.
(Nanako continues)
[KOJIMA]
Tell me about it.
[RINKO]
Yeah...
Hey, guys, Osamu just called
and he said that his winter
break starts tomorrow!
[ALL]
Yeah... We all
start tomorrow.
Those two seem to be
moving pretty fast.
I bet they're gonna
start kissing soon.
(Chuckles)
(Rinko gasps)
Oh, kissing?
Been there, done that.
HUH?!
[NANAKO]
We were smooching on the way
back from the Christmas party!
It all just kinda happened.
(Girls squeal)
(Rinko whimpers)
Uhh...
Hey, uh... you okay, Rinko?
Maybe I don't have what it takes
to make Takeo want to kiss me.
What is it, sweetie?
Let mama help you.
Ugh...
(Rinko cries)
♪Closing song♪
[TAKEO]
Next episode:
My Birthday.